README.md, before:

# Galaxy plugin for Battle.net

## Installation
1. Download [latest](https://github.com/FriendsOfGalaxy/galaxy-integration-battlenet/releases) release of the plugin for your platform.
2. Create plugin folder (if it does not exists yet):
	- Windows: `%LOCALAPPDATA%\GOG.com\Galaxy\plugins\installed\battlenet`
	- MacOS: `${HOME}/Library/Application Support/GOG.com/Galaxy/plugins/installed/battlenet`
3. Unpack plugin to the plugin folder created in step 2.
4. Re-connect(or re-start) your GOG Galaxy Client

## Developement
Install required packages for building and testing:
```bash
pip install -r requirements/dev.txt
```

Run tests:
```bash
inv test
```

Build package
```bash
inv build [--output=<output_folder>] [--ziparchive=<zip_package_name.zip>]
```

#### Shortcuts:
Build to local plugins folder
```bash
inv install
```

Build zip package with name indicating current version:
```bash
inv pack
```

If you have classic blizzard games which are not properly detected as installed or don't launch when clicking 'play'
please provide the name and values of the games key under

```Computer\HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\WOW6432Node\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Uninstall\```

registry path.

If on MAC please provide the games bundle_id which can be found by calling

```/System/Library/Frameworks/CoreServices.framework/Versions/A/Frameworks/LaunchServices.framework/Versions/A/Support/lsregister -dump | grep {game_name}```

Commit message:

add install from source steps

README.md, after:

# Galaxy plugin for Battle.net

## Installation
1. Download [latest](https://github.com/FriendsOfGalaxy/galaxy-integration-battlenet/releases) release of the plugin for your platform.
2. Create plugin folder (if it does not exists yet):
	- Windows: `%LOCALAPPDATA%\GOG.com\Galaxy\plugins\installed\battlenet`
	- MacOS: `${HOME}/Library/Application Support/GOG.com/Galaxy/plugins/installed/battlenet`
3. Unpack plugin to the plugin folder created in step 2.
4. Re-connect(or re-start) your GOG Galaxy Client

### From source (tested on windows 10 and macos 10.14 with python 3.7)
- copy / clone this repo
- run:
```bash
cd balaxy_blizard_plugin
pip install -r requirements/dev.txt
inv install
```

## Developement
Install required packages for building and testing:
```bash
pip install -r requirements/dev.txt
```

Run tests:
```bash
inv test
```

Build package
```bash
inv build [--output=<output_folder>] [--ziparchive=<zip_package_name.zip>]
```

#### Shortcuts:
Build to local plugins folder
```bash
inv install
```

Build zip package with name indicating current version:
```bash
inv pack
```

If you have classic blizzard games which are not properly detected as installed or don't launch when clicking 'play'
please provide the name and values of the games key under

```Computer\HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\WOW6432Node\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Uninstall\```

registry path.

If on MAC please provide the games bundle_id which can be found by calling

```/System/Library/Frameworks/CoreServices.framework/Versions/A/Frameworks/LaunchServices.framework/Versions/A/Support/lsregister -dump | grep {game_name}```
